Pardon me?
I don't listen
How could it be the biological daughter who left home?
Yes, he was there just now
I personally heard the fourth prince call him little sister
Doctor, then I'll go first
Let's make an appointment another day. Okay.
son
How could it be the woman of the Liu family?
I'm really not excited
You dead girls are so lucky
It turned out to be the Li family
I knew you shouldn't have abandoned him tonight
With that Bai Muyao
It's too late to say that now
Not necessarily.
Son from now on
Don't chase Ouyan back again.
Mom, what are you talking about?
Ouyan is the down payment daughter
What kind of man is useless?
How could it be possible to be with me?
I was really blind
How could you misunderstand him?
In his current capacity
You don't need anything.
Hongyan, he used to pick it up for nothing
I can be engaged to him
His subconscious
Will definitely think of you as his fiancé
He still has feelings for you
Only later
He was stabbed by that dead girl Bai Moyao
He's just a little angry with you
As long as you have dessert
Be nice to him
Remember his preferences for festivals
Surprise him
He will definitely come to you obediently
Mom, can this work?
son
If our Gao family wants to live in the last life
Climbed
It's all up to you